README.markdown, before:

Preflight prepares your (j)ruby project for jvm deployment.

== 1. Create config/preflight.yml in your project ==

Example config/preflight.yml:

    jruby: "http://mirrors.squareup.com/distfiles/jruby-complete-1.6.4.jar"
    jetty: "http://mirrors.squareup.com/distfiles/jetty-hightide-7.4.5.v20110725.zip"
    jruby-rack: "http://mirrors.squareup.com/distfiles/jruby-rack-1.0.10.jar"
    app_user: finance
    app_root: /usr/local/finance/finance

== 2. Running: ==

Instructions:

    [one day soon there will be a gem install]
    preflight [your project directory]
  
Of note, you'll now have:

* a bin directory, with scripts that run ruby and rake, using jruby and with the gems defined in your project.
* a vendor/jetty directory, containing everything necessary to run your app using jetty.
  * You can try your app out by cd'ing into vendor/jetty and running RAILS_ENV=development java -jar start.jar
  * vendor/jetty/jetty-init is an init script that starts your project. You should symlink /etc/init.d/[appuser]-jetty to this file, and then point monit at /etc/init.d/[appuser]-jetty

Commit message:

simplifying preflight, getting information from the target directory

README.markdown, after:

Preflight prepares your (j)ruby project for jvm deployment.

Preflight, as much as possible, lets jruby be jruby, lets rails be rails, lets bundler be bundler, and lets jetty be jetty. Ruby/Rails square pegs are not forced into jvm/jetty round holes, and vice versa.

== 1. Create config/preflight.yml in your project ==

Example config/preflight.yml:

    jruby: "http://mirrors.squareup.com/distfiles/jruby-complete-1.6.4.jar"
    jetty: "http://mirrors.squareup.com/distfiles/jetty-hightide-7.4.5.v20110725.zip"
    jruby-rack: "http://mirrors.squareup.com/distfiles/jruby-rack-1.0.10.jar"

== 2. Running: ==

Instructions:

    [one day soon there will be a gem install]
    preflight [your project directory]
  
Of note, you'll now have:

* a bin directory, with scripts that run ruby and rake, using jruby and with the gems defined in your project.
* a vendor/jetty directory, containing everything necessary to run your app using jetty.
  * You can try your app out by cd'ing into vendor/jetty and running RAILS_ENV=development java -jar start.jar
  * vendor/jetty/jetty-init is an init script that starts your project. You should symlink /etc/init.d/[appuser]-jetty to this file, and then point monit at /etc/init.d/[appuser]-jetty
